[Dio] Do you believe in gravity
between individuals?
Do you believe that fate
brought us
together for a reason?
[young Father Pucchi]
Why, in God's name? Why?
Why did it have
to end like this?
[young Weather] Why? Why can't
I just die and be with Perla?
[young Weather groaning]
[screams]
My fury isn't satisfied.
I'll make you pay
right here and now.
Weather, I'm going
to eliminate you!
[gurgles]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music]
[Father Pucchi] And those
without any memories left
are as good as dead.
[theme music]
-[distant car tires screech]
-[snail slime sloshes]
[Ermes] You dumbass!
Don't you know
how to drive properly?
You'd better not be driving
like this on purpose.
Yeah, right! Like I have
a composure to mess around.
Just look. These bugs
are eating me alive too!
[Jolyne] Weather...
[both] Huh?
I sense Pucchi
in that direction,
and Weather is there too.
-[gasps]
-Are they together?
I can't say that
with all certainty,
but I know they're near
each other.
[Anastasia] Weather!
What the actual hell
did you just say?
You want me to kill you?
-I do.
-Cut the bullshit!
What do you mean by that?
What's going on with you?
I remember this happening
around me once before,
in my hometown in 1988.
Say what?
It would seem, this freak show
represents the dark side
of my heart.
Your memories...
They really are back.
So you remember everything now?
Then get your act together
and do something about this!
[Weather] I have no control
over this ability.
Though if you kill me,
the Stand's power should stop.
[gasps]
I do kinda feel bad for
the snail people,
but a part of me
hates living even more,
and that part is enjoying
the hell out of this.
Somewhere down in
the deepest recesses
of my heart,
I feel some relief.
To be honest,
I'm sort of glad this happened.
What are you...?
-[snails splurt]
-Huh.
But Jolyne... If she's nearby,
could she be turning
into a snail too?
You'd better not
move carelessly.
I have no idea
how all this works,
but judging
by what I can see,
it's likely that touching
these snails
is the trigger to
this phenomenon.
[Anastasia gasps]
Moreover, if you turn snail,
there'll be no one left
to kill me.
[grunts]
What kind of fucking nonsense
is coming out of your mouth,
you bastard?
I don't wanna hear it. Tell me
where Jolyne is right now!
Yeah, fine, but only after
we settle things with Pucchi.
-Uh.
-I told you,
that so-called priest
is somewhere nearby.
[gasps]
What? Really, where?
He's here.
At this point,
my only hope for staying alive
is to settle things between us
once and for all.
[scoffs]
From what happened to FF,
to sealing away
Jolyne's father's memories
for his own selfish desires
to come to fruition,
I'll settle it all.
I'll be the one to kill Pucchi.
[Anastasia gasps]
And once he's taken care of,
you'll kill me.
Got it?
[scoffs]
Fine, whatever.
I still owe FF a big one,
anyways. I'm with you.
Speaking of which,
where is the priest?
Is he north or south?
It isn't about
where he's coming from.
The man's already here.
And he's somewhere
within 20 meters of us.
I've already done a quick sweep
for him underground
using my Diver Drive.
All I can see are these snails.
Are you positive he's closing
in on us through all this?
[gasps]
Weather Forecast!
[dramatic music]
There's no disturbance
in the air currents.
And I don't sense anything
in the area
breathing or moving around.
[both gasp]
[Anastasia] What if he's hiding
inside that car, Weather?
Hm.
Mm-hm.
[eerie music]
[grunts in pain]
[exclaims]
[Anastasia] Weather!
[shudders]
[grunts in pain]
[Father Pucchi]
I am already well aware
of how that weather-controlling
ability of yours functions.
This phenomenon that
turns anything,
man or beast, into snails,
as long as I understand the
secret behind why it happens...
-[gasps]
-[snails clatter]
I have absolutely no reason
to be afraid of the snails
touching my body!
I've uncovered how this works.
Although it took me
a while to figure out
the specific intricacies
of your ability,
I have overcome it once before
when I removed
your memories in 1988!
You son of a...
Damn you, Pucchi!
[gasps]
[snail slime gurgles]
[groans]
[Narciso gasps]
[Father Pucchi]
It's all over for you now, too.
You should've stayed
out of my business
and away from Jolyne.
but instead of
patiently waiting
for your prison sentence
to end,
you chose to end your own life.
[grunts]
[Anastasia] I don't get it.
How is Pucchi
standing there unscathed?
These snails don't make
any sense.
What's going on here, Weather?
[gasping continues]
[Father Pucchi]
With this, let's call it good.
[grunts]
If you're planning to die
sometime soon, Weather,
hold off for a while.
I cut your leg off,
so it'd take a few hours
for you to bleed out.
With this deadly phenomenon
you caused still in play,
it will be the perfect weapon
for putting
an end to all nuisances
who attempt to oppose me.
[Weather groans]
I now know who will be
raising me up to attain heaven.
Weather,
it turns out to be you,
not anyone else.
[gasps]
[breathing shakily]
[screams]
We still have three days
until the new moon arrives,
and then it will finally begin.
The moment that the Green Baby
desired will come to pass,
and the manifestation of heaven
that Dio strived for
will take root
inside of my body.
-[thuds in distance]
-Hm?
Huh?
[gasps]
With Diver Drive,
I gave Weather a leg...
[Diver Drive chitters]
[Anastasia]
...by phasing into his body!
Weather Forecast!
-[grunts]
-[crashes]
-[squelches]
-[yelps]
-[grunts]
-[smashes]
[retches]
[Anastasia] Wrap the priest
and bring him closer, Weather!
Your big brother's Stand
isn't a power type like yours.
If you can keep ahold of him,
you can outmatch him
at point-blank range!
Grab him,
and don't you dare
let him get away!
[whooshes]
[grandiose music]
[grunts]
What?
[Weather groans]
Weather!
Damn it, what just happened?
I wasn't even anywhere near
touching the snails!
Pucchi!
What sort of game
are you playing?
What the hell did you do?
Subliminal messaging.
[gasps]
[Father Pucchi] The method
of cleverly arranging
hidden words on a poster
that cannot be noticed
at first glance,
or a single frame containing
an image that has been clipped
into the film of a movie,
the average person is unaware
of ever having seen the image,
but without a doubt,
it becomes carved
into their deep consciousness
and lingers there.
That's what psychologists refer
to as subliminal messaging
and the effect it has
on the subconscious.
Things or images
that are instinctive
penetrate much further
into one's consciousness
more than if they
are witnessed directly.
And as a result of this,
they control what an individual
may decide to do.
And now, the rainbows
Weather Forecast conjured
are having that same effect,
it's becoming
a subliminal message
at an atmospheric level.
And whenever they lay
their eyes on them,
it's entering the souls
of the townspeople!
Is it because images of snails
are being projected onto them?
Or could it be because it
stimulates primitive instincts?
Everyone who looks
at the rainbow starts to think
that they too
will become snails.
And these intense thoughts
affect the subjects
physically as well.
What the hell...?
What are you trying
to explain here?
This is the true answer.
The truth behind the ability
Weather Forecast
had sealed away.
In the past,
when the same phenomenon
occurred to the innocent people
in my hometown,
I saw that a blind old woman
was completely unaffected,
and that's when
I understood the solution
to getting rid of
the strange occurrence.
Being blind, you get...
[Father Pucchi] Weather,
even if I can't see,
I can still sense
where you are
with my intuition.
[both gasp]
And this will work long after
I've removed my ability
to use my eyes.
But let me tell you.
Closing your eyes now
will not save you, Anastasia.
There is no way to escape
from the subliminal messaging
once it has dug its roots
into your soul.
As long as Weather continues
to draw breath,
this destructive phenomenon
will never end!
[Weather strains]
I think I'll take
your other leg as well.
[squelches]
[choked gasp]
[grumbles in pain]
[Father Pucchi]
You will not stand ever again!
Diver Drive!
Don't you dare lash out at me
with your insignificant
feelings!
[grunts]
[Father Pucchi]
Humans must strive
to reach the gates of heaven.
And the one who is the first
to find and attain it
will be able to lead
all of mankind to it!
You two are merely interfering
with my progress,
all because I have to sacrifice
the lives of a few people
to do so!
Domine quo vadis?
To be crucified,
now die for your sins!
-[squelches]
-[Father Pucchi grunts]
-[Narciso gasps]
-W-What the...?
[strains]
-[blood spatters]
-[Father Pucchi groans]
What is this? What's happening?
[scraping]
This is your doing,
isn't it, Weather?
What are you up to now?
What is this atrocious
scraping sound?
What on earth
do you think you're doing?
Something that I can control.
One of Weather Forecast's
abilities.
It doesn't have to be fast,
-but if I make it precise...
-[scraping]
...and if I keep it simple...
[Anastasia]
He's evaporating his blood,
freezing it in the air
and hardening it.
Weather's using all the blood
on the ground
to surround him with spears,
and the priest
can't even see it!
So what are you gonna choose?
You have the option
to continue this
without the use of your vision.
And the other option
that you have to choose from
is seeing what's going on
with your own eyes.
But if you trip and fall,
it's over for you.
[grunts]
[grumbles]
Here I come, Pucchi.
Get ready.
[dramatic music]
[strains]
You're done, Pucchi.
There's no way you're gonna
escape from this.
Are you gonna bring
your eyesight back?
Go ahead and try!
I'll just reflect the rainbows
straight into your face!
If Weather can grab you,
your chances of survival
are slim to none!
In terms of power, Pale Snake
is simply outclassed!
Weather's got this in the bag!
[scoffs]
I anticipated that you
would try to do something.
[gasps]
[Father Pucchi]
There is not a reality
where you would ever
let me go peacefully.
You, who has finally regained
his lost memories...
[Weather grunts]
[Father Pucchi] However!
-[blood sputters]
-[chokes]
Anastasia!
There are eyes for me
to see out of from all over.
That's how I was able
to come here.
Anastasia, may I use you
for a moment?
You shall act as a substitute
for my eyes.
Would you kindly relate to me
what you see in front of you?
Specifically, the things
that are dangerous to me.
What is Weather doing
currently?
He's hardening
his own blood to create
a few dozen spears all over
the ground around you.
There are three of them
placed directly behind you.
Then to your right, there are
four more lying in wait.
[gasps]
I see.
Now, be a good boy
and guide me out
of this maze
of blood spears, okay?
Please continue.
If you take three steps,
you will meet six spears.
From there, you're gonna want
to take a hard left.
Weather.
From the very moment
you were born,
a curse has afflicted you.
[grunts]
[Father Pucchi] Stay there
silently, just as you are.
No matter what
you attempt to do,
there is no salvation
for your life.
The memories I sealed away
should never have been returned
to you in the first place.
[snarls]
Continue going left for
five steps, then face right.
After that, you're free
from any danger.
Splendid. Five more steps.
Correct. Just five.
This is something
I just realized.
But I saw it, so I'll tell you.
One more spear still remains.
[Father Pucchi] Hmm?
I was only looking
at the ground,
so I didn't notice before.
There's some blood
on your shoulder.
And right about now,
Weather's hardening it
into another spear.
Oops, it's too late.
[screams in agony]
You planned these dirty tricks!
[thuds]
Like hell any of this is dirty!
Weather is just stronger
than you,
and that's why he's gonna win!
[Father Pucchi grumbles]
[grunts]
This wind pressure's so...
I-I must get
as far away as I can
from the range of
his Stand immediately!
[Father Pucchi grunts]
I have to dodge just one blow.
If I can dodge it,
then Weather's stamina
should reach his limits!
[burbles]
Get impaled
by your own blood spears!
It's useless to resist!
That attack's nothing
to Weather.
He can dodge it easily!
[Father Pucchi] Yes,
I have no doubt that he will.
But then, the direction of
his wind pressure will change.
That's my chance to flee!
[whooshing]
[gasping]
[Weather] I've got you.
I've finally got you now.
[strains]
[Anastasia]
He didn't dodge them.
Weather actually took
the spears
and used them
to capture the priest!
[strains]
[grunts]
[Anastasia]
He's within Weather's range!
[snarls]
[inaudible]
[both scream]
[gags]
[gasps]
Did he get him?
[Father Pucchi grunts]
Don't do it, W-Weather.
While you were
in Green Dolphin Street Prison,
I could've finished you off
at any given moment
if I truly wanted to.
Except... I had it in my head
that one day I could save you,
which is why
I stole your memories!
This isn't some
convenient excuse
if I'm begging for my life!
[grunts]
-[Father Pucchi] Prime numbers.
-Listen to me, brother.
-I did all of this for you.
-[Father Pucchi] One.
Three.
I worked tirelessly towards
my goal of attaining...
-[Father Pucchi] Five.
-...immense power
so that both of us can prosper.
There must be someone
who obtains
the power to reach heaven.
It was fated
to happen eventually!
[Father Pucchi] Seven.
-Stop it, Weather.
[Father Pucchi] Eleven.
-This is certain to put...
-[Father Pucchi] Thirteen.
...an end to
both of our lives!
[Father Pucchi] Seventeen.
[Weather] This is just sad.
The kind of evil that doesn't
even realize it's evil...
is the most disgusting kind
of them all!
[Father Pucchi] Nineteen.
[Anastasia] Pucchi's afraid.
His expression... there's fear
and despair written
all over his face!
[Father Pucchi] Twenty-three.
No. Stop this, Weather.
You are the one who's wrong!
You're the cursed one, brother!
[screams]
I'm the man that kept you alive
and this is how you repay...
It's over!
Die, Pucchi!
[Father Pucchi grunts]
[tires screech]
[Ermes] What the hell
are you doing?
I thought I told you
that if you try anything weird,
I'd kill you!
No, wait. There was
a sudden cloud of dust,
and then, a stray nail
or something
stabbed straight
through the tire.
It isn't my fault
I lost control!
Shut up, he's close.
Weather is somewhere nearby.
-The priest too!
-[driver grunts]
Although,
something looks off outside.
[grunts]
You're right.
I can't see very well,
but there's something strange
covering up the road.
-[glass shatters]
-[Jolyne] Weather!
I know you're close by.
Respond to me, Weather!
What is going on out here?
What kind of crazy
horror scene is this?
[Jolyne] I can sense the priest
moving around nearby.
He's super close.
I need to find Weather fast
before it's too late.
I have a feeling that something
terrible is happening.
[Ermes] Is this wind
being stirred up
by Weather's ability?
Has that damn priest
not turned into a snail yet?
I honestly have no idea.
-I only know that he's here.
-[shudders]
Let's find him!
[somber music]
[exclaims]
Jolyne, I just saw someone.
-He's over there!
-[gasps]
[Ermes] I don't know
if it's Weather or the priest,
but they're in that direction!
Jolyne, the wind's
starting to disperse.
Also, my body's turning
back to normal.
Does this mean...
[wind gusts]
[both gasp]
Pucchi!
Hold on, Jolyne.
Our bodies and Stands
still haven't recovered
all the way
from transitioning into snails.
We can't beat the priest now
in terms of power and speed.
We have to find Weather first.
Well, if we beat the priest,
we can find Weather too!
-Stone Ocean!
-[crackles]
[whooshes]
-[tires screeches]
-[Ermes] Jolyne!
-[screams]
-[rope whooshing]
[Jolyne gasps]
[screams]
-What the?
-Weather!
Nobody is capable
of catching up to me anymore.
I suggest you enjoy the rest
of the days you have left
with your family
and loved ones.
Coming after me now
is utterly useless.
I always win.
-[grunts, screams]
-[snail slime sputters]
[Anastasia]
Don't do it, Jolyne!
[groans]
[Jolyne] Anastasia!
This man is no longer
the priest.
Who we know as Father Pucchi
isn't here anymore.
What?
-This is a revelation.
-[gasps]
That's not him either.
It's one of his abilities.
He made an after-image.
[buzzing]
[Jolyne] Versus!
[Anastasia] Using the cover
of the wind,
the priest planted
a past memory
into this poor guy's head.
[whirring]
He used his own ability
to craft an image of himself.
The presence you were feeling
earlier was Versus.
Pucchi took this chance
to execute him.
[Father Pucchi]
This is a revelation.
It would seem there's something
on my side
that can be
only classified as fate...
The threads of fate
are aiding me
in reaching heaven
in three days
during the new moon.
If it were not for destiny,
I would've surely
been defeated...
Do you believe in gravity?
That is the reason why every
one of you came here today.
Weather!
[grunts]
I told you, it's not him.
-No one can pursue me...
-...can pursue me...
...can pursue me!
[voice fades]
[gurgling]
[shudders]
The snails are all gone.
This is...
[Jolyne]
Where's Weather, Anastasia?
[gasps]
Where did he go?
Ermes, did you see him?
Can you not feel
his presence anymore?
[exclaims]
[Ermes] You mean, you really
can't tell where he is?
[gasps]
Emporio!
[tragic music]
Hey, Ermes. He's there.
Call a doctor.
He should've healed...
-Jolyne.
-...from the snails by now!
-Emporio!
-Jolyne!
Uh...
I'm sorry, the wind stopped.
The rainbow
disappeared too, Jolyne.
No way.
[Jolyne] It can't be. Is this
because we crashed the car?
Or is it because
I came after him?
But why?
Listen, Jolyne.
Plenty of people have called me
a murderer.
At least that's what the
newspapers said about me.
And I don't
necessarily disagree.
When people asked me if I would
sacrifice myself for my family,
I told them all, no.
I don't think my answer
would change even now.
When it came to my parents, my
heart was never moved by them.
However...
I know I'd be willing
to risk my life
for those that revived me
from the dead
-without a second thought.
-[gasps]
It was like that
for Weather, too.
[gasps]
[Emporio] That's...
[Anastasia] Yeah.
When Pale Snake was focused
on dealing the final blow,
he took advantage
of his special ability.
He used that moment
to seal his ability
into a disc.
[Emporio] Hey, Jolyne...
I think Weather
entrusted this to you.
[gasps]
Weather came back to life
when he finally escaped
from that prison.
And that's the proof
he left for you.
In his final few days,
he was happy.
Weather had already been saved!
[sniffles]
Weather...
[sobs]
One more time...
I wanna speak with you
just one more time.
[sniffles]
Just once more,
[sniffles] I wanna talk to you
in the soft breeze.